  52 Unexpected chained assignment.
  41 Unexpected var, use let or const instead.
  39 Expected !== and instead saw !=.
  22 Unexpected mix of && and ||.
  21 evt is defined but never used.
  18 Unexpected mix of || and &&.
  18 The body of a for-in should be wrapped in an if statement to filter unwanted properties from the prototype.
  17 property used outside of binding context.
  16 Split let declarations into multiple statements.
  15 item used outside of binding context.
  12 ret used outside of binding context.
  12 length property should be compared to a value.
  11 Arrow function should not return assignment.
  10 j used outside of binding context.
   9 Unexpected negated condition.
   9 Return statement should not contain assignment.
   7 name used outside of binding context.
   7 i used outside of binding context.
   7 button used outside of binding context.
   7 The catch parameter should be named err.
   7 Expected an assignment or function call and instead saw an expression.
   7 $u was used before it was defined.
   6 id used outside of binding context.
   6 Unexpected mix of + and *.
   5 ord used outside of binding context.
   5 Format used outside of binding context.
   4 o is defined but never used.
   4 Expected a conditional expression and instead saw an assignment.
   3 records is defined but never used.
   3 observer was used before it was defined.
   3 observer used outside of binding context.
   3 name is already defined.
   3 e is defined but never used.
   3 Expected a default case.
   2 x is defined but never used.
   2 url used outside of binding context.
   2 u is defined but never used.
   2 ret is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   2 ret is assigned a value but never used.
   2 property is already defined.
   2 ord was used before it was defined.
   2 onload was used before it was defined.
   2 jsep is not defined.
   2 backend is defined but never used.
   2 _ is assigned a value but never used.
   2 Unnecessary escape character: \/.
   2 Unexpected mix of + and %.
   2 ResizeObserver is not defined.
   2 Papa is not defined.
   2 Empty block statement.                                                                                       no-empty
   2 Do not use new for side effects.
   1 xhr is defined but never used.
   1 wasPrimitive used outside of binding context.
   1 url is defined but never used.
   1 url is already defined.
   1 type used outside of binding context.
   1 timer is defined but never used.
   1 text is assigned a value but never used.
   1 test is defined but never used.
   1 source is defined but never used.
   1 roles is assigned a value but never used.
   1 ret is already defined.
   1 results is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   1 repoInfo is defined but never used.
   1 reject is defined but never used.
   1 record is defined but never used.
   1 r is defined but never used.
   1 properties is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   1 previousValue used outside of binding context.
   1 previousMode is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   1 previous is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   1 path is defined but never used.
   1 parentValue used outside of binding context.
   1 oldIndex is assigned a value but never used.
   1 obj is assigned a value but never used.
   1 o is assigned a value but never used.
   1 node is not defined.
   1 node is defined but never used.
   1 newValue used outside of binding context.
   1 me is assigned a value but never used.
   1 json is assigned a value but never used.
   1 j is already defined.
   1 item is already defined.
   1 input was used before it was defined.
   1 index is not defined.
   1 idObserver is assigned a value but never used.
   1 id is already defined.
   1 fileInfo is defined but never used.
   1 f is defined but never used.
   1 existingType is assigned a value but never used.
   1 entries is defined but never used.
   1 editor used outside of binding context.
   1 dragula is not defined.
   1 db is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   1 dateB is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   1 dateA is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   1 data is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   1 da is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   1 context is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   1 arr2 is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   1 args is never reassigned. Use const instead.
   1 all is not modified in this loop.
   1 Unnecessary escape character: \-.
   1 The Function constructor is eval.
   1 Format is already defined.
   1 $$ is not defined.
